Dear garden friends
surely they too have already
friends about the preparation of the
vegetable garden in the next spring
entertained and have, of course
everyone has their own opinion
My motto here is with little
crusade good division of
gardening and as little as possible
to achieve a good success
the garden is not to be so for the load
but he should stay happy before me
only a handshake in the garden awake
I consider myself in february / march plant
or i do not see any vegetables
vending machines should be back where it is
in the last year confessed is if one
does not really remember anymore
what happened last year is
it's good to make a sketch now
write
where to grow the vegetables this year
especially if you have one
big head makes this sketch is then
a good help for the next year
My garden looks and looks like this
I also write the most important
measure it here are the three feet 50
and here 650 on this side is a way
and here i will also start mangold
to see and salad to put
I now draw a line in one
distance of about 30 cm and write
Mangold on this line that's mine
later says Rühle and in another 30
centimeter distance I draw again
a line and write lettuce
the mangold is really big is the
lettuce already harvested and also on
this site has the marketplace
then I divide one way
I'll do that for me so and for
the way i use a press with it
I stay with mine about that
all goes away variable and the way it
the name continues to register
I arrived on the other side
but they do not have to do everything right away
can be divided some space too
For spontaneous ideas, this sketch
Do not do much work
Good planning and saves a lot and too
work and trouble with the layout
I also pay attention to the
tolerability of the plants
important to each other for a good one
growth like that and then you can do that
Planning has completed you can already
Targeted buy the first seed since we
yes we now have a plan we know too
where our first vegetables should be
and that's where we start to earth
loosen
but if loose the earth meet
already two worldviews
on each other
ie digging or light we see
dig up that big that some
already in autumn do it once
digging up will make the urus rich earth
down the humus carries loose earth
up
that makes no sense to me
residential structure will also be there
destroys some use maybe
fresh cattle is in the earth
should be introduced
yes of course, then really must
dig up there with miss but no
good experiences have made use
I do not dig it in my whole
more my goal to relax the earth
has the graf cable or also saves
fork called a sting and the earth
just push up
the school is crushed and that too
weed unless it can negotiate equal
to be removed
the humus-rich soil remains at the top one
good variant is also a so-called
garden kalle may still stab
with the foot a little deeper into the earth
Press briefly to turn
the ground gets loose and here too
the eu has to have rich earth
but only a little more
planting rich enough to relax
he also a very simple little hoe
then larger lumps of soil are formed
even smaller and closed
the whole surface still live pulled
Now the picture is ready where we sow
and plant when seed in the earth
and the plant is the right one
It is also easy to sprinkle after casting
mulched are often cloudy with
Lawn is applied thinly
because of the scatter is important the rain
should be able to turn the mulch through
and he should not be moldy, but
can rot
the first beet is finished with the
but the next one will not start immediately
but only when the seed or
planting of the respective vegetables
has come
when is that but I'm following me
the moon calendar the time out
flowering fruit leaf or root
Shares the distributed working time in the
garden and the work is only
but the moon calendar days you can
also to put the plants and also
as a deadline to fertilize or hook
to take
all in all
one is a little longer in the garden
but only briefly does that
get the fun at work and it
In addition, hardly any cross or nivea arise
I'll do with the tips shown
work easily and thereby have each one
was a lot of joy maybe
It's also interesting for them to see
others go for gardening
In any case, I wish you how
just mentioned that even to them
the garden never becomes a burden but
always just lust remains